# Transform-Your-Procurement-to-pay-Software
Plug and Play ERP: Transform Your Procurement Function with TYASuite Procurement to Pay Software  A Brief Outline of the Procurement-To-Pay  In general, the term used to define a business process and not software or technology; it’s a process of agreeing to terms, acquiring goods by the tendering process. It includes Requirement Generation, Requirement consolidation, Vendor Evaluation, Purchase Order Generation, Receiving Goods or services, Recording of Invoicing and payments. Organizations may spend well more than revenue if the procurement process is not managed well. IT even leads to a big loss for organizations financially by lacking procurement strategy.  Over the years, the Procurement process life cycle has transformed in many innovative ways with the help of technology from On-Premises ERP to cloud ERP solutions that manage well from anywhere and affordable for everyone.  Manual Procurement Process takes time and boring tasks  The manual bookkeeping accounting process normally completes the tasks for the time frame of 5 to 7 working days for filling out manually requisitions to payment. The trend has been changed from manual to On-site software and hardware. It also comes with initial infrastructure costs.  The Procurement to pay, which the business inquires and receives the request from the purchasing department and then payments for the services and goods. The process is based on fulfilling the needs of the company for goods and services. This whole is time-consuming and boring it doesn’t have well manageable procurement software.  The major Steps involved in Manual Procurement Process across industries  Managing suppliers is the procedure in the business to select an appropriate provider for their orders.  Selection of the provider is based on the tariffs of the precise goods or services that the  Business needs.  Request for the product is the inside process in the business when the purchasing unit is officially getting approval after the right authentications from other departments  Purchase order software is an official document that covers the exact order of the different items. The number of goods or material is stated with the necessity of the business  Receiving order accommodating the goods that you have well-ordered. Throughout this course, you must have to check the quality of the goods so that the vendor gets notified if any issues.  Invoice reconciliation a business checks its purchase order and invoice provided by the vendor to make sure the prices of the goods and services.  And other steps include inventory management, contract management and vendor management. Which is manually done in the past and some business still doing it, that’s why it’s called “Boring tasks” and time-consuming.    
